
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.300032                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                300032092500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               300032092500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 112052                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   163812                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               30649347                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1202840                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  9789.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1096893360                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1603590401                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 300032092500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.inst           101888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.data           277376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              379264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       101888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         101888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::writebacks        18688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            18688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.inst              1592                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.data              4334                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 5926                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::writebacks            292                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 292                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.inst              339590                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.data              924488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total                1264078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         339590                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            339590                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::writebacks            62287                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                 62287                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::writebacks            62287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.inst             339590                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.data             924488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total               1326365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         5926                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         292                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       5926                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       292                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  378880                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    17024                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   379264                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 18688                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       6                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                86                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   300032014000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   5926                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   292                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4279                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                     1131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                      394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                      110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2240                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     175.628571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    103.553736                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    256.194386                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1526     68.12%     68.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          352     15.71%     83.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           79      3.53%     87.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           48      2.14%     89.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           35      1.56%     91.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           34      1.52%     92.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           22      0.98%     93.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           12      0.54%     94.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          132      5.89%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2240                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           15                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      383.266667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     134.757747                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     999.090048                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             10     66.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2     13.33%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2     13.33%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      6.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             15                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           15                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.733333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.719529                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.703732                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 2     13.33%     13.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                13     86.67%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             15                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     589330250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                700330250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    29600000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      99549.03                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                118299.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                          1.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                       1.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       27.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3711                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      221                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  62.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 75.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                    48252173.37                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     63.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy                   8375220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                   4428765                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy                 20306160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy                   31320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          1071317520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy             238047390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy              73627200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy       2023360920                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy       1649081280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy       70055571300                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy             75144242985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             250.454018                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime          299318035750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     156118000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF      456600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  290586441000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4294488500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      101240500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4437204500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy                   7718340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                   4072035                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy                 21962640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy                 1357200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          918272160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy             235757700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy              53795520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy       1969599660                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy       1463489760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy       70115714820                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy             74792164875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             249.280549                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime          299373971500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     108071500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF      390810000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  291243559000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3811186250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      159197250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4319268500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 300032092500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                58676099                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          58676099                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           5503998                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             34473694                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                  294631                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect               3911                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups        34473694                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits           32289245                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses          2184449                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted       331495                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 300032092500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                   126287291                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                   123419891                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                         26331                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           196                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 300032092500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 300032092500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   124515401                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           273                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    55                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    300032092500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                        600064186                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles          128476085                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                     1533535586                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                    58676099                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches           32583876                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     465895656                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                11165438                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  195                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          1126                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          369                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                 124515276                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes               1586663                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          599956163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              3.733098                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.659774                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                260077742     43.35%     43.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                 12534695      2.09%     45.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                 22339103      3.72%     49.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                 11487925      1.91%     51.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                 19660353      3.28%     54.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                 21102292      3.52%     57.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                 22807817      3.80%     61.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                 12550978      2.09%     63.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                217395258     36.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            599956163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.097783                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        2.555619                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                 70981247                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles             255494187                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                 152683563                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles             115214447                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                5582719                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts             2096444876                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                5582719                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                120045183                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                50032662                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           4001                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                 218669289                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles             205622309                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts             2055749802                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                 23172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents              173829116                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                 119068                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                1074246                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands          2903141236                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups            6878220344                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups       4505688196                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups             29069                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps            2259072328                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                644068908                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                141                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            105                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                 565506225                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads            140755420                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores           147960025                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads          73801546                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores         16660624                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                 2010109770                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 293                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                1763232481                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            203749                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       406519661                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    993151533                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            238                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     599956163                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         2.938936                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.859880                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            85860503     14.31%     14.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            59236794      9.87%     24.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            84296457     14.05%     38.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           132033131     22.01%     60.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4           127772244     21.30%     81.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            53966177      9.00%     90.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            41835158      6.97%     97.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            12273021      2.05%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             2682678      0.45%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       599956163                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                12819648     97.65%     97.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     97.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     97.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    52      0.00%     97.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     97.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     97.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     97.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     97.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     97.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     97.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     97.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     97.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     97.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     97.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     97.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     97.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     97.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     97.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     97.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     97.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     97.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     97.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     97.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     97.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     97.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     97.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     97.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     97.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     97.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     97.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     97.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 156364      1.19%     98.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                151685      1.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               198      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              342      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            382668      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            1510754634     85.68%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                37288      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 64824      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                7362      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            126998949      7.20%     92.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           124981567      7.09%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead            3993      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           1196      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total             1763232481                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           2.938406                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    13128289                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.007446                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         4139725891                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        2416699085                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1754489656                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads               27272                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              27576                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        10849                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses             1775964678                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   13424                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         18210324                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     32961776                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        24591                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        98217                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     36425858                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           16                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           431                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                5582719                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                47953920                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 92993                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          2010110063                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            410823                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             140755420                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            147960025                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                167                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  57488                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 23834                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          98217                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        2788435                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2908545                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts              5696980                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts            1757095641                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             126257891                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           6136840                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                    249677317                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                 48272095                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                  123419426                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     2.928179                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                     1755835430                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                    1754500505                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                1457799763                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                3603136947                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       2.923855                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.404592                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts       406519829                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              55                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts           5504049                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    546756390                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.932916                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.699644                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     63239984     11.57%     11.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    191434375     35.01%     46.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     81114018     14.84%     61.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     33245795      6.08%     67.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     27438327      5.02%     72.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     37162334      6.80%     79.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     10123100      1.85%     81.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     30100629      5.51%     86.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     72897828     13.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    546756390                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts           1096893360                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps             1603590401                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                      219327811                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                     107793644                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                   43517287                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                       7308                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                1603448462                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls               173400                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        97760      0.01%      0.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       1384059445     86.31%     86.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           36036      0.00%     86.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            64494      0.00%     86.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd           4855      0.00%     86.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     86.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     86.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     86.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     86.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     86.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     86.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     86.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     86.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     86.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     86.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     86.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     86.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     86.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     86.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     86.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     86.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     86.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     86.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     86.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     86.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     86.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     86.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       107791954      6.72%     93.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      111533605      6.96%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1690      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite          562      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total        1603590401                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events              72897828                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                   2483968792                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                  4073514132                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                            1390                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                          108023                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                  1096893360                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                    1603590401                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               0.547058                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.547058                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               1.827960                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.827960                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads               3753529418                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes              1583803385                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                     16644                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                     9262                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                1619913946                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                856859514                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               349399194                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 300032092500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            132426                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.813779                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           219312986                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            133450                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs           1643.409412                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            175000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.813779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          282                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          465                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         439303156                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        439303156                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 300032092500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    107822512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       107822512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    111490473                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      111490473                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     219312985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        219312985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    219312985                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       219312985                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       227797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        227797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        44071                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        44071                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       271868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         271868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       271868                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        271868                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   3450326500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3450326500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1220258500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1220258500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   4670585000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4670585000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   4670585000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4670585000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    108050309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    108050309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    111534544                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    111534544                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    219584853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    219584853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    219584853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    219584853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000395                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000395                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15146.496662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15146.496662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 27688.468607                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27688.468607                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 17179.605544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17179.605544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 17179.605544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17179.605544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        14153                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          769                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               315                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    44.930159                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   128.166667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       130161                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            130161                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       137764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       137764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          653                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          653                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       138417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       138417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       138417                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       138417                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        90033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        90033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        43418                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        43418                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       133451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       133451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       133451                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       133451                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1249795000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1249795000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1167750000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1167750000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2417545000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2417545000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2417545000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2417545000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000833                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000833                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000389                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000389                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13881.521220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13881.521220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 26895.527201                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26895.527201                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 18115.600483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18115.600483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 18115.600483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18115.600483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 300032092500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              2757                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           255.991278                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           124511480                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              3013                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          41324.752738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   255.991278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         249033560                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        249033560                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 300032092500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    124511481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       124511481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     124511481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        124511481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    124511481                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       124511481                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         3792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          3792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         3792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           3792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         3792                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          3792                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    191096495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    191096495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    191096495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    191096495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    191096495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    191096495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    124515273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    124515273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    124515273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    124515273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    124515273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    124515273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 50394.645306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50394.645306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 50394.645306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50394.645306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 50394.645306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50394.645306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2221                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                48                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    46.270833                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          777                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          777                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    150052995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    150052995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    150052995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    150052995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    150052995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    150052995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49768.820896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49768.820896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49768.820896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49768.820896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49768.820896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49768.820896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         271649                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       135187                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           28                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               69                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           69                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 300032092500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp               93000                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        130453                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              6570                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              43464                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             43464                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          93001                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         8785                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       399328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                  408113                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       192832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     16871104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total                 17063936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoops                              1841                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                       18752                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples             138306                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.000730                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.027014                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                   138205     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      101      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total               138306                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy            265985500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             4521998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           200175999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 300032092500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.replacements                 1840                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             4071.493200                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 265633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 5934                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                44.764577                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                71500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.928929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   654.568320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  3408.995951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.001936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.159807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.832274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4094                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3699                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999512                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2178918                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2178918                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 300032092500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       130161                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       130161                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data         41292                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total            41292                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.inst         1421                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        87823                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        89244                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst             1421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data           129115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              130536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            1421                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data          129115                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             130536                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data         2172                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total           2172                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst         1593                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data         2163                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3756                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst           1593                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data           4335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              5928                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          1593                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data          4335                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             5928                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    669571000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    669571000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    130543000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    170841000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    301384000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    130543000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    840412000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    970955000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    130543000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    840412000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    970955000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       130161                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       130161                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        43464                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total        43464                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst         3014                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        89986                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        93000                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         3014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       133450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          136464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         3014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       133450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         136464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.049972                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.049972                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.528534                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.024037                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.040387                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.528534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.032484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.043440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.528534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.032484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.043440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 308273.941068                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 308273.941068                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81947.897050                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78983.356449                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80240.681576                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81947.897050                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 193866.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163791.329285                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81947.897050                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 193866.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163791.329285                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks             292                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                  292                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           54                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2172                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         2172                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1593                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2162                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         3755                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         4334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1593                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         4334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    647851000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    647851000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    114623000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    149153000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    263776000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    114623000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    797004000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    911627000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    114623000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    797004000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    911627000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.049972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.528534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.024026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.528534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.032477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.528534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.032477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 298273.941068                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298273.941068                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71954.174513                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68988.436633                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70246.604527                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71954.174513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 183895.708353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153809.178336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71954.174513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 183895.708353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153809.178336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7751                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         1825                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 300032092500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3754                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          292                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1533                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2172                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2172                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3754                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        13677                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total        13677                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  13677                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       397952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total       397952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  397952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              5926                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    5926    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                5926                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             4459500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           15786000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
