
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.450659                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                450658806000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               450658806000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  68922                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   121055                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               45530639                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1289024                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  9897.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   682182108                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1198193918                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 450658806000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.inst          1360384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.data        289770560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total           291130944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      1360384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1360384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::writebacks    185971200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total        185971200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.inst             21256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.data           4527665                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total              4548921                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::writebacks        2905800                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total             2905800                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.inst             3018656                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.data           642993227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              646011883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        3018656                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3018656                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::writebacks        412665186                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             412665186                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::writebacks        412665186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.inst            3018656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.data          642993227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1058677069                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                      4548921                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                     2905800                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                    4548921                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                   2905800                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM               271195776                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                 19935168                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                184777344                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                291130944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys             185971200                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                  311487                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                  18630                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0             267395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1             269863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2             277614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3             277103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4             262405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5             256035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6             262128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7             260040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8             268439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9             264833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10            262576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11            267334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12            266030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13            255264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14            254595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15            265780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0             176365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1             176315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2             185851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3             187264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4             180705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5             177711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6             183497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7             181771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8             178711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9             179833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10            178069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11            182568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12            182868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13            175909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14            175212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15            184497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   450658787500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                4548921                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6               2905800                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                  1978760                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                  1055293                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                   807378                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                   395523                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                      420                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                       55                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    5967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    6239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   69444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                  111203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                  157283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                  186336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                  191835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                  194022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                  194098                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                  192416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                  192762                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                  197530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                  197915                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                  196132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                  202204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                  204496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                  191141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                  191056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                    3455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                     790                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                     435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                     222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                     101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples      3202214                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     142.392822                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     97.702767                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    201.211780                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127       1956890     61.11%     61.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255       931515     29.09%     90.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        86608      2.70%     92.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511        32556      1.02%     93.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        30058      0.94%     94.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767        24151      0.75%     95.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895        14172      0.44%     96.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        16457      0.51%     96.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       109807      3.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total       3202214                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples       179374                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       23.623407                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     200.608946                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047        179351     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            4      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143            6      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6144-8191            6      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8192-10239            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::24576-26623            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::49152-51199            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total         179374                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples       179374                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.095677                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.088073                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.534953                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16            172394     96.11%     96.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               788      0.44%     96.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              3620      2.02%     98.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19              1671      0.93%     99.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20               677      0.38%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::21               167      0.09%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::22                20      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::23                 6      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::24                 8      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::25                 3      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::26                 2      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::27                 2      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::28                 4      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::29                 1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::30                 1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::31                 1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::34                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::35                 2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::36                 3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::38                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::39                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::48                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total         179374                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                  133324423500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat             212776311000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                 21187170000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      31463.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 50213.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        601.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        410.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     646.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     412.67                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.52                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                   2365541                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                  1556813                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  55.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 53.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       60452.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     55.05                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy               11543188020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                6135330960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy              15226642620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy              7566280380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          25898471040.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy           47629699890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy            1243050720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy      58518115770                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy      20728746720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy       41458833180                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy            235952294610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             523.571916                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime          342961638000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    1760839500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF    10987520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  160651487000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  53980975000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    94948766500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 128329218000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy               11320705620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                6017071170                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy              15028636140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy              7504621740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          25132014960.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy           47476604730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy            1194203520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy      56670359880                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy      19516252320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy       43145071740                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy            233009386560                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             517.041681                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime          343423588500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    1669903500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF    10661530000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  168324292000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  50823375000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    94903639750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 124276065750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 450658806000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups               209744864                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted         209744864                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect          15452078                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups            186943156                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 4798634                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect            1102247                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups       186943156                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits           73308148                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses        113635008                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted     10371010                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 450658806000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                   275375559                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                   110434714                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                       5481372                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        955893                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 450658806000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 450658806000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   141675687                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                         10408                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   322                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    450658806000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                        901317613                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles          155354412                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                     1199478486                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                   209744864                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches           78106782                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     728257958                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                31268538                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.TlbCycles                        171                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 6812                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         45146                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          904                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1968                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                 141665884                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes               3930016                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          899301640                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              2.315347                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.341757                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                568034921     63.16%     63.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                 15534295      1.73%     64.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                 19441229      2.16%     67.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                 22971075      2.55%     69.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                 23451630      2.61%     72.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                 27984602      3.11%     75.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                 18697080      2.08%     77.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                 12541374      1.39%     78.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                190645434     21.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            899301640                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.232709                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.330806                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                131821192                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles             460900370                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                 259506979                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles              31438830                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles               15634269                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts             1968478208                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles               15634269                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                148573644                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles               279718376                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles          33534                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                 271405257                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles             183936560                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts             1889378684                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents               2945631                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents               22099498                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents               33718422                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents              120913907                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands          2334013601                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups            4852983148                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups       2863330665                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups          17493755                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps            1539544932                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                794468669                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts               2399                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts           2487                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                 103776068                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads            289120761                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores           149254413                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads          32330043                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores         26492232                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                 1730782874                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               76608                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                1568608138                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           5852829                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       532665563                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    867642339                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          70268                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     899301640                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.744251                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.380266                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           494606885     55.00%     55.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            67773017      7.54%     62.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            60477678      6.72%     69.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            56046595      6.23%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            61881970      6.88%     82.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            58854856      6.54%     88.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            43765658      4.87%     93.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            39815976      4.43%     98.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            16079005      1.79%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       899301640                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                18756970     61.84%     61.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     61.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     61.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  7410      0.02%     61.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     61.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     61.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     61.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     61.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     61.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     61.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     61.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     61.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     61.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     61.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     61.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     61.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     61.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     61.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     61.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     61.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     61.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     61.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     61.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     61.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     61.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     61.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     61.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     61.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     61.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     61.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     61.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                9924898     32.72%     94.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               1453337      4.79%     99.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            152081      0.50%     99.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite            34834      0.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          14098011      0.90%      0.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            1143299587     72.89%     73.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               369939      0.02%     73.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                121770      0.01%     73.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             7023686      0.45%     74.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     74.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     74.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     74.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     74.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     74.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     74.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     74.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     74.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     74.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     74.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     74.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     74.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     74.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     74.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     74.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     74.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     74.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     74.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     74.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     74.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     74.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     74.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            280062949     17.85%     92.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           113259064      7.22%     99.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         7668168      0.49%     99.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        2704964      0.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total             1568608138                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           1.740350                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    30329530                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.019335                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         4037532356                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        2246220551                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1446814993                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            35167919                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           17515954                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     16878176                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses             1567167493                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                17672164                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         18404538                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    105635325                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       230722                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       220054                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     59241409                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       591222                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      34542784                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles               15634269                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles               207605122                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles              24867039                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          1730860042                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            595654                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             289120761                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            149254413                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              27111                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                1116778                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              21952756                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         220054                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        4401938                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     16644940                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts             21046878                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts            1522707788                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             275320085                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          45900350                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                           560                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                    385749877                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                145213625                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                  110429792                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.689424                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                     1474896719                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                    1463693169                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                1080168037                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                1684574003                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.623948                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.641211                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts       532724094                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            6340                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts          15457180                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    820953303                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.459515                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.518126                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    518033966     63.10%     63.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     85953799     10.47%     73.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     32867777      4.00%     77.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     43388851      5.29%     82.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     27528451      3.35%     86.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     20129782      2.45%     88.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     14998726      1.83%     90.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      8832666      1.08%     91.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     69219285      8.43%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    820953303                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts            682182108                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps             1198193918                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                      273498440                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                     183485436                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                        4012                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                  124773540                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                   16764530                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                1184788617                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls              3155982                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass      5661395      0.47%      0.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        911709663     76.09%     76.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          249769      0.02%     76.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           121592      0.01%     76.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        6953059      0.58%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       176426271     14.72%     91.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       87321155      7.29%     99.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      7059165      0.59%     99.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2691849      0.22%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total        1198193918                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events              69219285                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                   2482652030                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                  3541121777                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                           65064                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                         2015973                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                   682182108                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                    1198193918                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.321227                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.321227                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.756872                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.756872                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads               2204366641                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes              1191028683                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                  16960298                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                  7508471                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                 829469978                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                632058960                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               695649249                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 450658806000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           8059059                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.876037                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           300818156                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           8060083                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             37.321968                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            168000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.876037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          779                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         635630457                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        635630457                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 450658806000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    212199903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       212199903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     88617171                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       88617171                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     300817074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        300817074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    300817074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       300817074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     11567528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      11567528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1400585                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1400585                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     12968113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       12968113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     12968113                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      12968113                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 698715422500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 698715422500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  63104584992                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  63104584992                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 761820007492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 761820007492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 761820007492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 761820007492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    223767431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    223767431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     90017756                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     90017756                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    313785187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    313785187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    313785187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    313785187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.051694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.051694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015559                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015559                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.041328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.041328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.041328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.041328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 60403.175380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60403.175380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 45055.876646                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45055.876646                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 58745.633038                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58745.633038                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 58745.633038                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58745.633038                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    138668839                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         3914                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           4220328                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              39                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    32.857361                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   100.358974                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5230352                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           5230352                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data      4905385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      4905385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data         1679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data      4907064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4907064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data      4907064                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4907064                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      6662143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      6662143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1398906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1398906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8061049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      8061049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8061049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      8061049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 405532893500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 405532893500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  61599354174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  61599354174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 467132247674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 467132247674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 467132247674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 467132247674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.029773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015540                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015540                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.025690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.025690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 60871.238204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60871.238204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 44033.948081                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44033.948081                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 57949.312512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57949.312512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 57949.312512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57949.312512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 450658806000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            215046                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           253.501732                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           141423927                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            215302                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            656.863044                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   253.501732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.990241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         283548012                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        283548012                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 450658806000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    141424081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       141424081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     141424081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        141424081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    141424081                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       141424081                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       241793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        241793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       241793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         241793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       241793                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        241793                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   5466190980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5466190980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   5466190980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5466190980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   5466190980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5466190980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    141665874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    141665874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    141665874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    141665874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    141665874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    141665874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001707                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001707                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001707                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001707                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 22606.903343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22606.903343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 22606.903343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22606.903343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 22606.903343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22606.903343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        19165                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               460                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    41.663043                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks            3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                 3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        25529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        25529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        25529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        25529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        25529                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        25529                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       216264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       216264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       216264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       216264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       216264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       216264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   4593148982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4593148982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   4593148982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4593148982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   4593148982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4593148982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21238.620307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21238.620307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21238.620307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21238.620307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21238.620307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21238.620307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       16551419                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8274209                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        33083                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            40963                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        40920                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           43                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 450658806000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             6878364                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       8136155                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           4688910                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               967                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              967                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            1397983                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           1397983                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        6878364                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       646777                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     24181116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                24827893                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     13790080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    850586176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total                864376256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoops                           4551800                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                   186023872                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           12828274                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.005778                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.075838                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 12754195     99.42%     99.42% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    74036      0.58%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                       43      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total             12828274                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          13506065997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           324922944                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         12090754709                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 450658806000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.replacements              4550960                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             4094.837777                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs               11973730                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              4555056                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.628668                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                71500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10.982888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   178.326262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  3905.528627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.002681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.043537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.953498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          994                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2911                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses            136869552                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses           136869552                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 450658806000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      5230355                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total      5230355                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data          902                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total             902                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data        795659                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total           795659                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.inst       194203                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data      2736725                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      2930928                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           194203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data          3532384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total             3726587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst          194203                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data         3532384                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total            3726587                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data           48                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total            48                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       602317                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total         602317                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst        21264                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      3925356                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      3946620                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          21264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data        4527673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total           4548937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         21264                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       4527673                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total          4548937                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      1127000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1127000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  50681768500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  50681768500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2223847000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 365054249000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 367278096000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2223847000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 415736017500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total 417959864500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2223847000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 415736017500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total 417959864500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      5230355                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      5230355                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data          950                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          950                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data      1397976                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1397976                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst       215467                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      6662081                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      6877548                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       215467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      8060057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         8275524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       215467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      8060057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total        8275524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.050526                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.050526                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.430849                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.430849                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.098688                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.589209                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.573841                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.098688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.561742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.549686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.098688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.561742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.549686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 23479.166667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23479.166667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84144.675478                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84144.675478                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 104582.721971                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 92999.016904                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93061.428767                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 104582.721971                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91821.122572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91880.776652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 104582.721971                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91821.122572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91880.776652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks         2905800                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total              2905800                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total             12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total            12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        10510                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        10510                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           48                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       602317                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       602317                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        21256                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      3925352                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      3946608                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        21256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4527669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4548925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        21256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4527669                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4548925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       749000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       749000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  44658598500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44658598500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2010842500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 325800353502                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 327811196002                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2010842500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 370458952002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 372469794502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2010842500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 370458952002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 372469794502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.050526                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050526                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.430849                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.430849                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.098651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.589208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.573839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.098651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.561742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.549684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.098651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.561742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.549684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 15604.166667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15604.166667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74144.675478                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74144.675478                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 94601.171434                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 82999.016012                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83061.503955                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 94601.171434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81821.120758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81880.838770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 94601.171434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81821.120758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81880.838770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       9093153                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4544833                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 450658806000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            3946608                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2905800                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1638363                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               69                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            602313                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           602313                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       3946608                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     13642074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total     13642074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               13642074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    477102144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total    477102144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               477102144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                               17                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           4548990                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 4548990    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             4548990                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         10358168000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy        12208556500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
