
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.433913                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                433913465500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               433913465500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  72379                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   127127                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               46037610                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1287996                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  9425.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   682182108                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1198193918                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 433913465500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.inst          1338624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.data        289470016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total           290808640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      1338624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1338624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::writebacks    185914240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total        185914240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.inst             20916                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.data           4522969                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total              4543885                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::writebacks        2904910                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total             2904910                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.inst             3085002                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.data           667114619                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              670199621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        3085002                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3085002                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::writebacks        428459255                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             428459255                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::writebacks        428459255                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.inst            3085002                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.data          667114619                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1098658875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                      4543885                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                     2904910                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                    4543885                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                   2904910                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM               270726784                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                 20081856                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                184736640                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                290808640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys             185914240                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                  313779                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                  18378                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0             262288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1             281376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2             275878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3             267926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4             258258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5             262542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6             262299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7             255323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8             271788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9             270741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10            256880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11            263177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12            260094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13            264855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14            251408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15            265273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0             173390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1             187424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2             182843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3             179636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4             178414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5             182986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6             184778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7             179865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8             182331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9             183816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10            173291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11            179492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12            178916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13            181162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14            173393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15            184773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   433913447000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                4543885                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6               2904910                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                  2094529                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                  1020655                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                   742171                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                   372339                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                      354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                       50                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    6097                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    6360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   70224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                  115856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                  156736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                  186820                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                  191788                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                  194003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                  197078                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                  192286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                  193500                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                  194905                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                  197560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                  195579                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                  201000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                  203395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                  190322                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                  187451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                    3614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                     939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                     535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                     281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                     124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                      44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples      3197291                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     142.452635                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     97.708104                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    201.273585                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127       1955370     61.16%     61.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255       927084     29.00%     90.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        86927      2.72%     92.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511        33021      1.03%     93.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        30748      0.96%     94.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767        25523      0.80%     95.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895        13285      0.42%     96.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        12891      0.40%     96.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       112442      3.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total       3197291                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples       179310                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       23.590993                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     205.859457                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047        179286     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            6      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143            7      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6144-8191            7      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8192-10239            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::45056-47103            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::49152-51199            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total         179310                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples       179310                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.097875                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.090270                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.530223                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16            172165     96.02%     96.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               776      0.43%     96.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              3655      2.04%     98.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19              1800      1.00%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20               716      0.40%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::21               155      0.09%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::22                17      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::23                 3      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::24                 6      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::25                 2      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::27                 2      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::28                 2      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::29                 1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::30                 1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::31                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::32                 2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::33                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::34                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::35                 2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::36                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::39                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total         179310                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                  130757235750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat             210071723250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                 21150530000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      30911.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 49661.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        623.92                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        425.75                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     670.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     428.46                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.49                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                   2362331                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                  1556986                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  55.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 53.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       58252.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     55.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy               11487588840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                6105786885                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy              15178854600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy              7565533920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          26018325840.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy           48598585320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy            1236626880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy      59066572050                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy      20355010080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy       36816547860                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy            232433924745                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             535.668845                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime          324106899250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    1702206500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF    11037416000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  141567415500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  53007871250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    97066901500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 129531654750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy               11341126020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                6027932460                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy              15024102240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy              7502048280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          25237733040.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy           48600213240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy            1190280000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy      56925264450                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy      19363518240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy       38401373700                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy            229617607140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             529.178339                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime          324222827500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    1613404250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF    10705086000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  148963473500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  50425762750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    97371989500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 124833749500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 433913465500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups               190978712                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted         190978712                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect          12754374                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups            145187073                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 5162840                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect             785217                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups       145187073                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits           82007003                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses         63180070                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted      5244674                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 433913465500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                   265529572                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                   106695197                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                       5520880                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        710758                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 433913465500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 433913465500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   139562919                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          3244                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   322                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    433913465500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                        867826932                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles          151891584                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                     1122381399                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                   190978712                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches           87169843                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     700879333                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                25851650                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.TlbCycles                          2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 2858                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         13511                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          121                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         3683                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                 139560300                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes               3136588                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          865716917                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              2.225791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.281165                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                551857140     63.75%     63.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                 17731975      2.05%     65.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                 19929925      2.30%     68.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                 22367857      2.58%     70.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                 23918477      2.76%     73.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                 28133522      3.25%     76.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                 17996106      2.08%     78.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                 12364316      1.43%     80.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                171417599     19.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            865716917                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.220065                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.293324                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                130360850                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles             445257167                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                 248946087                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles              28226988                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles               12925825                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts             1827688925                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles               12925825                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                145801776                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles               273851312                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles          22455                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                 259227857                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles             173887692                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts             1763166925                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents               3566576                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents               23347862                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents               34336830                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents              109197427                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands          2217246341                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups            4533296259                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups       2690434151                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups          17486671                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps            1539544932                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                677701409                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                793                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            792                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                 106795068                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads            269798338                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores           136062023                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads          33424455                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores         24359390                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                 1640661594                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               82782                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                1511149464                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           4268867                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       442550457                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    698211752                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          76442                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     865716917                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.745547                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.353571                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           469176569     54.20%     54.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            67854310      7.84%     62.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            60556833      6.99%     69.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            56843942      6.57%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            62085027      7.17%     82.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            56886563      6.57%     89.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            41228837      4.76%     94.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            37174971      4.29%     98.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            13909865      1.61%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       865716917                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                18086850     62.58%     62.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     62.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     62.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  7513      0.03%     62.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     62.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     62.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     62.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     62.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     62.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     62.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     62.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     62.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     62.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     62.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     62.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     62.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     62.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     62.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     62.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     62.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     62.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     62.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     62.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     62.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     62.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     62.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     62.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     62.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     62.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     62.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     62.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                9232472     31.95%     94.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               1383306      4.79%     99.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            155626      0.54%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite            34086      0.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          10974979      0.73%      0.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            1106904903     73.25%     73.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               344238      0.02%     74.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                121968      0.01%     74.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             7009568      0.46%     74.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     74.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     74.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     74.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     74.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     74.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     74.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     74.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     74.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     74.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     74.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     74.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     74.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     74.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     74.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     74.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     74.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     74.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     74.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     74.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     74.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     74.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     74.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            267859874     17.73%     92.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           107561715      7.12%     99.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         7673303      0.51%     99.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        2698916      0.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total             1511149464                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           1.741303                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    28899853                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.019124                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         3886018328                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        2065979693                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1407070741                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            35166237                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           17514700                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     16863199                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses             1511409747                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                17664591                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         19884164                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     86312902                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       294310                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       207362                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     46049019                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       362956                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      33714301                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles               12925825                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles               194421218                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles              20842234                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          1640744757                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           1066587                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             269798338                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            136062023                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              28583                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                1151718                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              17996368                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         207362                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        4920303                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     11085885                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts             16006188                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts            1474903113                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             265486079                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          36246351                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                           381                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                    372176390                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                141853645                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                  106690311                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.699536                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                     1432205147                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                    1423933940                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                1053581996                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                1647269865                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.640804                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.639593                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts       442602950                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            6340                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts          12755608                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    801669345                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.494624                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.544367                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    501256852     62.53%     62.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     83940288     10.47%     73.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     31699253      3.95%     76.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     43509867      5.43%     82.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     27498559      3.43%     85.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     20755576      2.59%     88.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     14853808      1.85%     90.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      7810577      0.97%     91.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     70344565      8.77%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    801669345                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts            682182108                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps             1198193918                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                      273498440                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                     183485436                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                        4012                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                  124773540                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                   16764530                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                1184788617                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls              3155982                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass      5661395      0.47%      0.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        911709663     76.09%     76.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          249769      0.02%     76.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           121592      0.01%     76.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        6953059      0.58%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       176426271     14.72%     91.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       87321155      7.29%     99.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      7059165      0.59%     99.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2691849      0.22%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total        1198193918                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events              70344565                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                   2372121648                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                  3346131481                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                           62259                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                         2110015                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                   682182108                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                    1198193918                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.272134                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.272134                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.786081                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.786081                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads               2161610837                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes              1158293967                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                  16944893                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                  7499527                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                 817892888                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                627278224                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               670276916                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 433913465500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           7969015                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.870257                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           290640931                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           7970039                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             36.466689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            168000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.870257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          770                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         615034701                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        615034701                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 433913465500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    201935421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       201935421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     88704237                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       88704237                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     290639658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        290639658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    290639658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       290639658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     11579154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      11579154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1313519                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1313519                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     12892673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       12892673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     12892673                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      12892673                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 686193332500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 686193332500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  61762674326                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  61762674326                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 747956006826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 747956006826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 747956006826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 747956006826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    213514575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    213514575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     90017756                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     90017756                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    303532331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    303532331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    303532331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    303532331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.054231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.054231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014592                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014592                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.042475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.042475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.042475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.042475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 59261.093902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59261.093902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 47020.769647                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47020.769647                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 58014.036874                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58014.036874                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 58014.036874                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58014.036874                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    134449866                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         3437                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           4022783                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              51                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    33.422103                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    67.392157                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5175680                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           5175680                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data      4919851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      4919851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data         1752                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1752                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data      4921603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4921603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data      4921603                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4921603                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      6659303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      6659303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1311767                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1311767                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7971070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      7971070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7971070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      7971070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 402648960500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 402648960500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  60365373498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  60365373498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 463014333998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 463014333998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 463014333998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 463014333998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.031189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014572                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014572                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.026261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.026261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 60464.129729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60464.129729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 46018.365684                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46018.365684                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 58086.848315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58086.848315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 58086.848315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58086.848315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 433913465500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            214870                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           255.246017                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           139321553                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            215125                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            647.630694                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   255.246017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.997055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         279336672                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        279336672                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 433913465500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    139321603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       139321603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     139321603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        139321603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    139321603                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       139321603                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       238683                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        238683                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       238683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         238683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       238683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        238683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   5579723973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5579723973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   5579723973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5579723973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   5579723973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5579723973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    139560286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    139560286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    139560286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    139560286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    139560286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    139560286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 23377.131899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23377.131899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 23377.131899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23377.131899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 23377.131899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23377.131899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        22270                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               507                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    43.925049                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                 1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        22583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        22583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        22583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        22583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        22583                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        22583                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       216100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       216100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       216100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       216100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       216100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       216100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   4665479977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4665479977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   4665479977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4665479977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   4665479977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4665479977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21589.449223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21589.449223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21589.449223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21589.449223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21589.449223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21589.449223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       16371055                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8183999                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        40440                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            49516                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        49476                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           40                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 433913465500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             6875356                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       8080591                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           4649666                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              1032                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             1032                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            1310783                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           1310783                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        6875356                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       646028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     23911110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                24557138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     13763840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    841324224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total                855088064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoops                           4547461                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                   185982656                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           12733544                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.007070                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.083826                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 12643552     99.29%     99.29% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    89952      0.71%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                       40      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total             12733544                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          13361215985                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           324529240                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         11955713736                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 433913465500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.replacements              4546373                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             4094.837543                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs               11795272                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              4550469                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.592100                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                71500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11.259572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   155.542667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  3928.035304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.002749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.037974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.958993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          998                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2886                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses            135405589                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses           135405589                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 433913465500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      5175681                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total      5175681                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data         1000                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total            1000                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data        709256                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total           709256                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.inst       194140                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data      2737783                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      2931923                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           194140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data          3447039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total             3641179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst          194140                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data         3447039                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total            3641179                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total            13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       601519                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total         601519                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst        20919                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      3921453                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      3942372                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          20919                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data        4522972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total           4543891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         20919                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       4522972                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total          4543891                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       203000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       203000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  50502084500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  50502084500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2297778500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 362202271000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 364500049500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2297778500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 412704355500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total 415002134000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2297778500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 412704355500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total 415002134000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      5175681                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      5175681                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data         1013                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1013                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data      1310775                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1310775                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst       215059                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      6659236                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      6874295                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       215059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      7970011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         8185070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       215059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      7970011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total        8185070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.012833                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.012833                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.458903                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.458903                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.097271                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.588874                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.573495                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.097271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.567499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.555144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.097271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.567499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.555144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15615.384615                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15615.384615                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83957.588206                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83957.588206                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 109841.698934                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 92364.302466                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92457.040964                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 109841.698934                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91246.276895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91331.885822                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 109841.698934                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91246.276895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91331.885822                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks         2904910                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total              2904910                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total              3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total             3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        11141                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        11141                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       601519                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       601519                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        20916                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      3921453                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      3942369                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        20916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4522972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4543888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        20916                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4522972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4543888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       200500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       200500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  44486894500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44486894500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2088377000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 322987741000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 325076118000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2088377000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 367474635500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 369563012500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2088377000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 367474635500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 369563012500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.012833                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012833                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.458903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.097257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.588874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.573494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.097257                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.567499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.555143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.097257                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.567499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.555143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 15423.076923                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15423.076923                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73957.588206                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73957.588206                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 99845.907439                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 82364.302466                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82457.050063                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 99845.907439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81246.276895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81331.892974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 99845.907439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81246.276895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81331.892974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       9083215                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4539766                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 433913465500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            3942369                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2904910                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1634385                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               35                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            601516                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           601516                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       3942369                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     13627100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total     13627100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               13627100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    476722880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total    476722880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               476722880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                               19                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           4543920                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 4543920    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             4543920                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         10351418000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy        12195385500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
