
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.443441                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                443441461500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               443441461500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  68710                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   120684                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               44664010                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1282876                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  9928.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   682182108                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1198193918                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 443441461500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.inst          1324928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.data        288206784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total           289531712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      1324928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1324928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::writebacks    185538560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total        185538560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.inst             20702                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.data           4503231                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total              4523933                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::writebacks        2899040                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total             2899040                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.inst             2987831                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.data           649931973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              652919804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        2987831                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2987831                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::writebacks        418405982                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             418405982                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::writebacks        418405982                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.inst            2987831                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.data          649931973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1071325785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                      4523933                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                     2899040                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                    4523933                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                   2899040                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM               268744640                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                 20787072                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                184180800                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                289531712                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys             185538560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                  324798                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                  21191                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0             260782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1             271807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2             271971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3             276477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4             255383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5             258568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6             260787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7             256467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8             270766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9             266493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10            254992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11            262523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12            259068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13            258381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14            249462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15            265208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0             172778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1             178787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2             182171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3             187686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4             177208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5             181200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6             184392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7             180628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8             182041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9             181320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10            172637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11            180267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12            179439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13            178276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14            173052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15            185943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          1                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   443441443000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                4523933                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6               2899040                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                  2004476                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                  1075677                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                   761921                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                   356643                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                      381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                       33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    6151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    6410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   74094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                  111770                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                  155998                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                  185335                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                  190576                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                  193401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                  193134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                  191482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                  192940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                  197194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                  196753                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                  195319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                  201470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                  201111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                  189391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                  190246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                    3319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                     861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                     454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                     213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                     100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                      45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples      3177704                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     142.531951                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     97.683941                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    201.870064                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127       1941825     61.11%     61.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255       927117     29.18%     90.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        83073      2.61%     92.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511        31874      1.00%     93.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        28774      0.91%     94.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767        24126      0.76%     95.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895        14224      0.45%     96.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        17104      0.54%     96.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       109587      3.45%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total       3177704                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples       178750                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       23.491631                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     193.187996                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047        178727     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143            8      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6144-8191            4      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8192-10239            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::10240-12287            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::12288-14335            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::36864-38911            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::38912-40959            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::49152-51199            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total         178750                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples       178750                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.099720                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.091666                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.553609                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16            171589     95.99%     95.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               775      0.43%     96.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              3707      2.07%     98.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19              1645      0.92%     99.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20               785      0.44%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::21               193      0.11%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::22                17      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::23                10      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::24                 5      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::25                 3      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::26                 2      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::27                 2      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::28                 4      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::29                 1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::30                 1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::31                 1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::34                 2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::35                 3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::36                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::37                 2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::47                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::55                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total         178750                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                  130746662000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat             209480443250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                 20995675000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      31136.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 49886.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        606.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        415.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     652.92                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     418.41                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.52                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.78                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                   2344602                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                  1554643                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  55.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 54.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       59739.06                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     55.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy               11419716000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                6069704025                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy              15081407880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy              7542117000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          25728830400.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy           48018414810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy            1206465120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy      58263313800                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy      20176270560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy       39954771540                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy            233466293145                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             526.487290                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime          334983011250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    1690890500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF    10914836000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  154671488250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  52542145000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    95852681750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 127769420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy               11269169100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                5989682655                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy              14900416020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy              7480129500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          24698079120.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy           47601528780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy            1179108960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy      55597658640                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy      18860167680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy       42203658900                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy            229784407725                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             518.184310                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime          335970525000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    1652174500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF    10476416000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  164931103250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  49114356500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    95342202000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 121925209250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 443441461500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups               204191816                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted         204191816                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect          14165747                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups            132235442                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 4346682                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect            1119693                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups       132235442                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits           67057825                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses         65177617                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted      9868310                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 443441461500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                   265548036                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                   108117362                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                       5319846                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        948802                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 443441461500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 443441461500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   133406444                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          6458                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   322                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    443441461500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                        886882924                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles          146553382                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                     1163140905                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                   204191816                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches           71404507                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     723988033                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                28659362                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.TlbCycles                         55                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 5415                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         31777                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          210                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         2666                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                 133400536                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes               3307124                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          884911219                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              2.282224                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.334946                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                564703681     63.81%     63.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                 14931620      1.69%     65.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                 19342474      2.19%     67.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                 21311215      2.41%     70.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                 21501613      2.43%     72.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                 26856633      3.03%     75.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                 18155880      2.05%     77.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                 12074026      1.36%     78.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                186034077     21.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            884911219                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.230235                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.311493                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                125851875                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles             463351930                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                 250497262                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles              30880471                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles               14329681                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts             1910276224                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles               14329681                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                142057983                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles               277084924                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles          22350                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                 262456397                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles             188959884                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts             1835868312                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents               3087203                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents               22760971                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents               36907073                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents              122764275                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands          2267722504                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups            4711761586                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups       2774915419                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups          17256576                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps            1539544932                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                728177572                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                493                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            459                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                 106658069                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads            282088858                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores           143309486                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads          31048553                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores         24222191                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                 1688548790                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               65365                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                1537741632                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           6549014                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       490420236                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    793761302                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          59025                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     884911219                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.737735                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.385288                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           488194600     55.17%     55.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            67906730      7.67%     62.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            59043288      6.67%     69.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            55132702      6.23%     75.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            58909389      6.66%     82.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            56299873      6.36%     88.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            43117885      4.87%     93.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            39948027      4.51%     98.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            16358725      1.85%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       884911219                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                19574367     65.81%     65.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     65.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     65.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  7584      0.03%     65.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     65.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     65.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     65.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     65.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     65.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     65.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     65.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     65.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     65.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     65.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     65.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     65.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     65.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     65.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     65.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     65.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     65.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     65.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     65.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     65.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     65.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     65.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     65.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     65.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     65.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     65.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     65.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                8605941     28.93%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               1371589      4.61%     99.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            151512      0.51%     99.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite            33257      0.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          14010020      0.91%      0.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            1125359778     73.18%     74.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               363244      0.02%     74.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                121744      0.01%     74.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             7012426      0.46%     74.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     74.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     74.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     74.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     74.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     74.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     74.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     74.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     74.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     74.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     74.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     74.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     74.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     74.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     74.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     74.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     74.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     74.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     74.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     74.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     74.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     74.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     74.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            269944101     17.55%     92.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           110594600      7.19%     99.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         7638653      0.50%     99.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        2697066      0.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total             1537741632                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           1.733872                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    29744250                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.019343                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         3961646453                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        2162040552                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1425049965                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            35041294                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           17186632                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     16845587                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses             1535861795                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                17614067                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         18002728                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     98603422                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       208953                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       200861                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     53296482                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       611685                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      29162754                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles               14329681                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles               193195396                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles              32636516                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          1688614624                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            735343                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             282088858                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            143309486                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              22391                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                1103311                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              29812657                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         200861                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        3003942                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     16760740                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts             19764682                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts            1493878213                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             265496074                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          43863419                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                           469                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                    373608427                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                144064970                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                  108112353                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.684414                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                     1452280728                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                    1441895552                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                1064748867                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                1663335840                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.625801                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.640129                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts       490448326                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            6340                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts          14168793                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    812650722                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.474427                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.535445                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    513050786     63.13%     63.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     83392824     10.26%     73.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     31718396      3.90%     77.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     43118237      5.31%     82.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     27161138      3.34%     85.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     20464804      2.52%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     15154753      1.86%     90.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      8605771      1.06%     91.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     69984013      8.61%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    812650722                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts            682182108                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps             1198193918                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                      273498440                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                     183485436                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                        4012                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                  124773540                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                   16764530                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                1184788617                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls              3155982                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass      5661395      0.47%      0.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        911709663     76.09%     76.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          249769      0.02%     76.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           121592      0.01%     76.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        6953059      0.58%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       176426271     14.72%     91.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       87321155      7.29%     99.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      7059165      0.59%     99.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2691849      0.22%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total        1198193918                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events              69984013                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                   2431308953                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                  3450411789                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                           63815                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                         1971705                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                   682182108                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                    1198193918                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.300068                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.300068                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.769191                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.769191                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads               2162492535                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes              1172200562                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                  16926153                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                  7481655                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                 828064355                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                626155760                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               679601146                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 443441461500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           8008463                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.875484                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           297023984                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           8009487                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             37.084021                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            168000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.875484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          767                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         627776527                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        627776527                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 443441461500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    208408051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       208408051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     88614814                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       88614814                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     297022865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        297022865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    297022865                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       297022865                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     11457713                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      11457713                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1402942                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1402942                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     12860655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       12860655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     12860655                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      12860655                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 696031091500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 696031091500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  63440005993                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  63440005993                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 759471097493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 759471097493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 759471097493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 759471097493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    219865764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    219865764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     90017756                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     90017756                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    309883520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    309883520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    309883520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    309883520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.052112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.052112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015585                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015585                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.041502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.041502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.041502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.041502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 60747.820398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60747.820398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 45219.264940                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45219.264940                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 59053.842708                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59053.842708                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 59053.842708                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59053.842708                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    131028177                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1454                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           4243647                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              19                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    30.876314                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    76.526316                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5218180                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           5218180                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data      4848754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      4848754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data         1425                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1425                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data      4850179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4850179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data      4850179                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4850179                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      6608959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      6608959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1401517                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1401517                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8010476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      8010476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8010476                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      8010476                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 400201065000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 400201065000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  61981083499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  61981083499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 462182148499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 462182148499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 462182148499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 462182148499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.030059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015569                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015569                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.025850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.025850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 60554.327088                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60554.327088                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 44224.282331                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44224.282331                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 57697.214061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57697.214061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 57697.214061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57697.214061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 443441461500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            211584                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           251.908982                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           133162883                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            211839                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            628.604190                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   251.908982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.984019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.984019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         267013855                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        267013855                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 443441461500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    133163067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       133163067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     133163067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        133163067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    133163067                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       133163067                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       237453                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        237453                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       237453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         237453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       237453                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        237453                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   5389672979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5389672979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   5389672979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5389672979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   5389672979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5389672979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    133400520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    133400520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    133400520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    133400520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    133400520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    133400520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 22697.851697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22697.851697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 22697.851697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22697.851697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 22697.851697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22697.851697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        24283                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               516                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    47.060078                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks            3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                 3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        24637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        24637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        24637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        24637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        24637                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        24637                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       212816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       212816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       212816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       212816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       212816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       212816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   4527920985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4527920985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   4527920985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4527920985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   4527920985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4527920985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21276.224462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21276.224462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21276.224462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21276.224462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21276.224462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21276.224462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       16443339                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8220145                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        33355                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            40519                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        40491                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           28                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 443441461500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             6821739                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       8117223                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           4628831                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               989                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              989                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            1400563                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           1400563                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        6821740                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       636453                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     24029377                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                24665830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     13571584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    846568896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total                860140480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoops                           4526807                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                   185589120                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           12749299                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.005799                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.075958                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 12675395     99.42%     99.42% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    73876      0.58%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                       28      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total             12749299                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          13439854995                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           319750941                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         12014882190                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 443441461500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.replacements              4526007                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             4094.888363                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs               11891119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              4530103                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.624911                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                71500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11.012078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   172.282557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  3911.593727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.002688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.042061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.954979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2874                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses            135984423                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses           135984423                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 443441461500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      5218183                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total      5218183                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data          941                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total             941                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data        798296                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total           798296                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.inst       191344                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data      2707915                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      2899259                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           191344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data          3506211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total             3697555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst          191344                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data         3506211                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total            3697555                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data           38                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total            38                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       602259                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total         602259                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst        20710                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      3900989                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      3921699                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          20710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data        4503248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total           4523958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         20710                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       4503248                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total          4523958                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       915000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       915000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  51015520500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  51015520500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2193900500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 360127372000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 362321272500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2193900500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 411142892500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total 413336793000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2193900500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 411142892500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total 413336793000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      5218183                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      5218183                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data          979                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          979                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data      1400555                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1400555                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst       212054                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      6608904                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      6820958                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       212054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      8009459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         8221513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       212054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      8009459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total        8221513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.038815                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.038815                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.430015                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.430015                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.097664                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.590263                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.574948                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.097664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.562241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.550259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.097664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.562241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.550259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 24078.947368                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24078.947368                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84706.945849                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84706.945849                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 105934.355384                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 92316.941165                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92388.853020                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 105934.355384                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91299.189496                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91366.187087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 105934.355384                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91299.189496                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91366.187087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks         2899040                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total              2899040                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total             13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total            13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        10552                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        10552                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           38                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       602259                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       602259                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        20703                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      3900983                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      3921686                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        20703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4503242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4523945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        20703                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4503242                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4523945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       586000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       586000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  44992930500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44992930500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1986283000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 321117074500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 323103357500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1986283000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 366110005000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 368096288000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1986283000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 366110005000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 368096288000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.038815                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038815                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.430015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.430015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.097631                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.590262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.574947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.097631                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.562240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550257                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.097631                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.562240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550257                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 15421.052632                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15421.052632                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74706.945849                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74706.945849                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 95941.795875                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 82316.963314                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82388.890263                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 95941.795875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81299.207327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81366.216433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 95941.795875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81299.207327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81366.216433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       9043353                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4519841                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 443441461500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            3921685                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2899040                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1620317                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               59                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            602251                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           602248                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       3921685                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     13567285                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total     13567285                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               13567285                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    475070272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total    475070272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               475070272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                               13                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           4523995                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 4523995    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             4523995                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         10319750000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy        12138421250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
