
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 12.545362                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                12545362108000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               12545362108000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  69750                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   114184                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               37512208                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1209888                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                334434.11                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 23326849627                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   38186879266                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12545362108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.inst         62100544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.data        142186496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total           204287040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     62100544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total       62100544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::writebacks     19363200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         19363200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.inst            970321                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.data           2221664                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total              3191985                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::writebacks         302550                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              302550                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.inst             4950080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.data            11333790                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               16283870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        4950080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           4950080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::writebacks          1543455                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1543455                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::writebacks          1543455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.inst            4950080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.data           11333790                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              17827324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                      3191985                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      302550                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                    3191985                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    302550                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM               201681344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                  2605696                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 19358464                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                204287040                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              19363200                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                   40714                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     51                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0             213109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1             204961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2             309919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3             219122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4             217550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5             239761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6             256937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7             162912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8             162135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9             358948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10            184836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11            112079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12            111503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13            128836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14            137535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15            131128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               9139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               9032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              83844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              87131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              15398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              39712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              20692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              4589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              2662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             29306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   12545362089500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                3191985                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                302550                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                  2777119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                   296837                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                    64614                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                    11789                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                      789                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                      108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                       15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    6977                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    7240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   16513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   17953                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   18052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   18038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   18061                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   18045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   18080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   18048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   18086                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   18137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   18142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   18196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   18225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   18397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   18117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   18161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       665368                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     332.202138                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    242.067428                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    240.242783                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127        146760     22.06%     22.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255       118146     17.76%     39.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        94435     14.19%     54.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511       147691     22.20%     76.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       104561     15.71%     91.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767        11693      1.76%     93.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         8267      1.24%     94.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         5522      0.83%     95.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        28293      4.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        665368                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        18001                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      175.059663                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     111.134691                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     248.351005                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          12284     68.24%     68.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255         3187     17.70%     85.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383          913      5.07%     91.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511          302      1.68%     92.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           45      0.25%     92.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767          537      2.98%     95.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895           40      0.22%     96.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023           73      0.41%     96.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151          129      0.72%     97.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279          248      1.38%     98.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407          241      1.34%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3712-3839            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          18001                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        18001                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.803289                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.774713                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.988446                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             10725     59.58%     59.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               267      1.48%     61.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              6845     38.03%     99.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               154      0.86%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 9      0.05%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::21                 1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          18001                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                  193491566750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat             252577898000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                 15756355000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      61401.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 80151.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         16.08                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.54                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      16.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.54                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.77                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                   2535238                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   253127                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  80.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 83.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     3589994.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     80.73                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy                2933611800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                1559221290                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy              13025294940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy              1383571440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          265929527760.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy           81552382350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy           17818070400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy     494146355670                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy     407340410400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy      2518263848520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy            3803956725510                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             303.216176                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime          12320107667000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   37346212250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF   113319004000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  10175671149750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 1060782226000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    74589165000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1083654351000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy                1817215680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                 965850270                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy               9474780000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy               195353280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          317252582400.000061                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy           80355616050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy           21473505120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy     589025102610                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy     491909556480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy      2430188886960                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy            3942673883670                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             314.273422                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime          12313188536250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   45304912500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF   135207842000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  9740452403000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 1281014387750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    51660775000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1291721787750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12545362108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups              9723458668                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted        9723458668                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect         924815583                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups           8934901704                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                75066511                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect            7536608                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups      8934901704                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits         2544683682                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses       6390218022                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted    655883159                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12545362108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                  5401706024                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                  2016968415                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                      18309241                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                       1611617                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12545362108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12545362108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                  5996038569                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                         94745                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                 49775                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    12545362108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                      25090724217                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles         6717843390                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                    56975727394                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                  9723458668                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches         2619750193                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                   17359608613                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles              1850360308                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.TlbCycles                        156                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles               120602                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        293104                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           39                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles        71965                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                5995970948                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes             211576724                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples        25003118023                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              3.840003                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.640641                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0              10209312060     40.83%     40.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                868358812      3.47%     44.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                622847688      2.49%     46.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                747802777      2.99%     49.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                912627607      3.65%     53.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                922195018      3.69%     57.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                879915414      3.52%     60.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                606868265      2.43%     63.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8               9233190382     36.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total          25003118023                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.387532                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        2.270788                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles               5178571572                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles            6522296669                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles               10759272869                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles            1617796759                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles              925180154                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts            87364330741                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles              925180154                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles               6159689970                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles              4825190673                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles         884330                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles               11307070016                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles            1785102880                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts            82478477088                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents               8426707                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents             1435529337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                 370278                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents               60526524                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands        111822494123                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups          224570767708                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups     132655668780                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups         178592531                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps           53221994449                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps              58600499674                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts              58169                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts          53317                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                4676968303                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads           7080001171                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores          2803600720                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads         805593928                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores        629236416                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                73046429333                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              619989                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued               58587839135                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         357956596                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     34860170055                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined  57533955338                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         465316                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   25003118023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         2.343221                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.323282                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0          9051026353     36.20%     36.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1          2376598520      9.51%     45.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2          2829928733     11.32%     57.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3          2774874526     11.10%     68.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4          2434627181      9.74%     77.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5          2140377825      8.56%     86.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6          2235670089      8.94%     95.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7           907777180      3.63%     98.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8           252237616      1.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25003118023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu              1125444111     98.00%     98.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     98.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     98.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                710788      0.06%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead               14269638      1.24%     99.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               7453745      0.65%     99.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            242266      0.02%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           244036      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         305749646      0.52%      0.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu           50388382815     86.00%     86.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               921831      0.00%     86.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv               4591934      0.01%     86.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            48003614      0.08%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead           5740669590      9.80%     96.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite          2036209599      3.48%     99.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        19117512      0.03%     99.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       44192594      0.08%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total            58587839135                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           2.335040                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                  1148364584                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.019601                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       143430371697                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      107769340052                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses  55741482201                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           254745776                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          138416420                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123621402                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses            59302597450                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses               127856623                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         73045903                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads   3487379446                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses      3163329                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation      1036739                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores   1214661256                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         5047                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         36449                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles              925180154                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles              4379486965                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles              20061787                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts         73047049322                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          12713089                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts            7080001171                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts           2803600720                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             245387                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 243976                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              19705040                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        1036739                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      209954451                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect    973038366                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts           1182992817                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts           56488682045                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts            5391616567                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        2099157090                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                   7408383813                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches               5286488119                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                 2016767246                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     2.251377                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                    56120519601                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                   55865103603                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers               44720285285                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers               80166329642                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       2.226524                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.557844                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts     34860184211                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          154673                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts         924842424                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples  19739828642                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.934509                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.455618                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   7410164799     37.54%     37.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1   5245696614     26.57%     64.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2   1510988709      7.65%     71.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3   1395622865      7.07%     78.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4    957472430      4.85%     83.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5    652684834      3.31%     86.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6    798016810      4.04%     91.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7    302530759      1.53%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8   1466650822      7.43%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total  19739828642                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts          23326849627                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps            38186879266                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                     5181561189                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                    3592621725                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                       69932                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                 3698138547                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                  122767008                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts               38123301469                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls             12311123                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass      1102877      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu      32952337154     86.29%     86.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          633583      0.00%     86.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv          4015589      0.01%     86.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       47228874      0.12%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      3575932197      9.36%     95.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     1545366908      4.05%     99.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead     16689528      0.04%     99.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite     43572556      0.11%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total       38186879266                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events            1466650822                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                  91320241297                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                151419655249                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                         2682167                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                        87606194                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                 23326849627                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                   38186879266                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.075616                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.075616                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.929700                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.929700                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads              84183424674                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes             48457863091                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                 169676438                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                 80156838                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads               39352943929                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes              26602084687                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads             19710177899                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12545362108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          14129973                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.995403                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          6876849869                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          14130997                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            486.650013                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            175000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.995403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          229                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          472                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       13813019705                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses      13813019705                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12545362108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data   5297778819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      5297778819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data   1579069249                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     1579069249                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data    6876848068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       6876848068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data   6876848068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      6876848068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     12580593                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      12580593                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data     10015693                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     10015693                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     22596286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       22596286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     22596286                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      22596286                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1064223261500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1064223261500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 148283541417                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 148283541417                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 1212506802917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1212506802917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1212506802917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1212506802917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data   5310359412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   5310359412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data   1589084942                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total   1589084942                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data   6899444354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   6899444354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data   6899444354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   6899444354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006303                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006303                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84592.456135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84592.456135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14805.120466                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14805.120466                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 53659.561705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53659.561705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 53659.561705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53659.561705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       420198                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          830                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             14517                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    28.945237                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    92.222222                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     11576763                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          11576763                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data      8457869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      8457869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data         5668                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5668                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data      8463537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      8463537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data      8463537                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      8463537                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4122724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4122724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     10010025                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     10010025                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     14132749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     14132749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     14132749                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     14132749                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 320823939500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 320823939500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 138131127417                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 138131127417                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 458955066917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 458955066917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 458955066917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 458955066917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006299                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006299                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77818.437397                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77818.437397                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13799.278965                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13799.278965                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 32474.578507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32474.578507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 32474.578507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32474.578507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12545362108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           7254302                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           255.979656                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          5987869687                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           7254558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            825.394144                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   255.979656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses       11999195608                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses      11999195608                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12545362108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst   5987870048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      5987870048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst    5987870048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       5987870048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst   5987870048                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      5987870048                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      8099657                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       8099657                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      8099657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        8099657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      8099657                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       8099657                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst 190794579293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 190794579293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst 190794579293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 190794579293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst 190794579293                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 190794579293                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst   5995969705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   5995969705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst   5995969705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   5995969705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst   5995969705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   5995969705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 23555.883822                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23555.883822                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 23555.883822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23555.883822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 23555.883822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23555.883822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       976741                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          320                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs             31209                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    31.296773                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          320                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       843459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       843459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       843459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       843459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       843459                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       843459                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      7256198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      7256198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      7256198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      7256198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      7256198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      7256198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 162539853371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 162539853371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 162539853371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 162539853371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 162539853371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 162539853371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 22400.140317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22400.140317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 22400.140317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22400.140317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 22400.140317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22400.140317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       42773222                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     21384411                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        54244                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           260666                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       258885                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         1781                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12545362108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            11378728                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      11879313                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          12795157                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              1752                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             1752                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           10008467                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          10008467                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       11378728                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     21762919                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     42395470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                64158389                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    464154816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side   1645296576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total               2109451392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoops                           3293975                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                    19605120                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           24679142                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.012833                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.113194                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 24364209     98.72%     98.72% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   313152      1.27%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                     1781      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total             24679142                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          32963374998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         10886060965                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         21197888466                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12545362108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.replacements              3290195                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             4095.956538                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs               39308339                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              3294291                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                11.932261                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                71500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   169.102603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   867.969307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  3058.884628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.041285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.211907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.746798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          214                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          305                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2228                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses            345364043                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses           345364043                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12545362108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     11576763                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total     11576763                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data         1631                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total            1631                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       9747822                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total          9747822                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.inst      6281262                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data      2161510                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      8442772                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst          6281262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data         11909332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total            18190594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         6281262                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data        11909332                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total           18190594                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data          121                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total           121                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       260644                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total         260644                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst       971157                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      1961020                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      2932177                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         971157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data        2221664                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total           3192821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        971157                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       2221664                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total          3192821                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       465500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       465500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  20657459500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  20657459500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  85645877000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 291846272500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 377492149500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  85645877000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 312503732000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total 398149609000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  85645877000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 312503732000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total 398149609000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     11576763                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     11576763                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data         1752                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1752                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data     10008466                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total     10008466                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst      7252419                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      4122530                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     11374949                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      7252419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     14130996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total        21383415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      7252419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     14130996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       21383415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.069064                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.069064                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.026042                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.026042                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.133908                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.475684                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.257775                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.133908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.157219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.149313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.133908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.157219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.149313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data  3847.107438                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3847.107438                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79255.457636                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79255.457636                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88189.527543                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 148823.710365                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128741.255900                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88189.527543                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 140662.013698                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124701.512863                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88189.527543                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 140662.013698                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124701.512863                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks          302550                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               302550                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          836                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total          836                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total            836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          836                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total           836                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks       155151                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total       155151                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          121                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          121                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       260644                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       260644                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       970321                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1961020                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      2931341                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       970321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2221664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3191985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       970321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2221664                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3191985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      1852500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1852500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  18051019500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18051019500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  75868104001                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 272236072500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 348104176501                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  75868104001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 290287092000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 366155196001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  75868104001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 290287092000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 366155196001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.069064                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069064                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.026042                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026042                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.133793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.475684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.257701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.133793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.157219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.133793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.157219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 15309.917355                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15309.917355                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69255.457636                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69255.457636                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78188.665401                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 138823.710365                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118752.535615                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78188.665401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 130662.013698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114710.813491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78188.665401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 130662.013698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114710.813491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       6379930                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      3187948                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 12545362108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            2931341                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       302550                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          2885274                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              121                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            260644                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           260644                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       2931341                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      9571915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total      9571915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                9571915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    223650240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total    223650240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               223650240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           3192106                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 3192106    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             3192106                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3795065000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         8641216750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
