
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 11.470345                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                11470344864500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               11470344864500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  70179                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   114886                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               34508665                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1210912                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                332390.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 23326868643                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   38186917375                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11470344864500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.inst         60206272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.data        140983104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total           201189376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     60206272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total       60206272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::writebacks     21768960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         21768960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.inst            940723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.data           2202861                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total              3143584                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::writebacks         340140                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              340140                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.inst             5248863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.data            12291095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               17539959                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        5248863                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           5248863                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::writebacks          1897847                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1897847                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::writebacks          1897847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.inst            5248863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.data           12291095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              19437806                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                      3143584                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      340140                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                    3143584                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    340140                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM               199180160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                  2009216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 21767488                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                201189376                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              21768960                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                   31394                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0             207147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1             301298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2             336798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3             144572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4             212412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5             225399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6             258438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7             165235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8             246285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9             219558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10            179395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11            109013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12            111136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13            127428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14            137376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15            130700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               7914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1             119481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2             109231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              10367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               3546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              20319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               4067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                99                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             29942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   11470344840000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                3143584                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                340140                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                  2739956                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                   294282                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                    64157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                    12638                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                     1037                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                      116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    8983                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    9263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   18441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   20068                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   20167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   20159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   20158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   20175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   20240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   20245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   20192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   20228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   20354                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   20220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   20323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   20474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   20233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   20180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       659571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     334.981568                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    243.191121                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    244.444453                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127        143585     21.77%     21.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255       120359     18.25%     40.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        86597     13.13%     53.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511       151518     22.97%     76.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       101904     15.45%     91.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767        10816      1.64%     93.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         7618      1.15%     94.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         7630      1.16%     95.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        29544      4.48%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        659571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        20091                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      154.903937                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      92.188521                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     247.728963                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          15461     76.95%     76.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255         2196     10.93%     87.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383         1097      5.46%     93.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           31      0.15%     93.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639          266      1.32%     94.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           58      0.29%     95.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895           62      0.31%     95.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023          237      1.18%     96.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151          122      0.61%     97.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279          298      1.48%     98.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407          260      1.29%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            2      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3712-3839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          20091                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        20091                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.928824                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.898514                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.017865                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             10789     53.70%     53.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               263      1.31%     55.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              8777     43.69%     98.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               210      1.05%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                46      0.23%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::21                 6      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          20091                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                  189593054500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat             247946617000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                 15560950000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      60919.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 79669.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         17.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.90                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      17.54                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.90                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.63                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                   2505296                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   287427                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  80.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 84.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     3292552.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     80.89                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy                2957373720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                1571854845                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy              13218274860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy              1581524280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          259197990480.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy           79112298990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy           17319321600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy     488820017460                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy     394085171040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy      2270473373400                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy            3528344246745                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             307.605768                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime          11251735971750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   36237992750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF   110444592000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  9153497807000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 1026263635000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    71926149250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1071974688500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy                1752056040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                 931217100                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy               9002761740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy               193886460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          316545746400.000061                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy           81468662460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy           21476723040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy     579210288000                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy     495128864160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy      2174881981080                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy            3680612917020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             320.880755                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime          11235710553750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   45373183750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF   134910708000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  8676114152000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 1289398029000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    54350376750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1270198415000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11470344864500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups              9028518589                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted        9028518589                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect         798089332                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups           6395568886                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                56876438                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect            7319076                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups      6395568886                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits         2130816405                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses       4264752481                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted    603002465                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11470344864500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                  5117794194                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                  1969286725                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                      14763875                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                       1766549                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11470344864500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11470344864500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                  5295322702                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                        117611                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                 49852                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    11470344864500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                      22940689730                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles         5929207950                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                    52563375867                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                  9028518589                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches         2187692843                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                   16126324350                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles              1596843380                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.TlbCycles                         38                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles               128086                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        363982                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           94                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles        70560                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                5295230155                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes             178780756                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples        22854516750                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              3.888613                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.651038                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0               9232844941     40.40%     40.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                815410342      3.57%     43.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                518338048      2.27%     46.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                682142113      2.98%     49.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                846423036      3.70%     52.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                817750546      3.58%     56.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                733495846      3.21%     59.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                566458253      2.48%     62.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8               8641653625     37.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total          22854516750                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.393559                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        2.291273                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles               4630517520                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles            6030719803                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                9814016338                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles            1580841399                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles              798421690                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts            80815974220                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles              798421690                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles               5562874509                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles              4210316053                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles         871552                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles               10383137691                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles            1898895255                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts            76461188433                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents               8269319                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents             1534161537                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                 424139                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents               62556472                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands        103656733294                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups          208739287999                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups     122978592997                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups         172259652                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps           53222044866                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps              50434688428                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts              52497                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts          46745                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                4943915136                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads           6477622472                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores          2712818095                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads         783944427                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores        616494830                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                68012408011                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              728568                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued               55722702396                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         369478275                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     29826219203                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined  48906777869                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         573818                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   22854516750                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         2.438148                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.329568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0          7713916636     33.75%     33.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1          2246148204      9.83%     43.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2          2696128961     11.80%     55.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3          2655635293     11.62%     67.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4          2291036502     10.02%     77.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5          1977910600      8.65%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6          2113732148      9.25%     94.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7           898768753      3.93%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8           261239653      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22854516750                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu              1127551628     98.20%     98.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     98.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     98.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                621145      0.05%     98.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     98.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     98.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     98.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     98.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     98.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     98.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     98.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     98.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     98.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     98.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     98.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     98.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     98.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     98.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     98.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     98.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     98.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     98.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     98.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     98.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     98.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     98.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     98.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     98.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     98.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     98.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     98.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead               11668247      1.02%     99.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               7966190      0.69%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            187805      0.02%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           210112      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         325183823      0.58%      0.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu           47914228256     85.99%     86.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               879110      0.00%     86.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv               4579105      0.01%     86.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            47376822      0.09%     86.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     86.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     86.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     86.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     86.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   1      0.00%     86.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     86.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     86.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     86.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     86.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     86.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     86.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     86.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     86.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     86.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     86.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     86.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     86.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     86.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     86.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     86.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     86.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     86.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     86.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     86.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     86.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     86.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead           5384972665      9.66%     96.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite          1982656628      3.56%     99.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        18794747      0.03%     99.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       44031239      0.08%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total            55722702396                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           2.428990                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                  1148205127                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.020606                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       135565479949                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       97706492475                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses  53252822684                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           252124995                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          133362448                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123243134                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses            56419210619                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses               126513081                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         67126631                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads   2884998993                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses      1180958                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation      1252195                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores   1123878513                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8522                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        219438                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles              798421690                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles              3754710667                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles              22556799                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts         68013136579                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          18721703                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts            6477622472                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts           2712818095                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             278946                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 259298                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              22214319                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        1252195                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      128134966                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect    900421002                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts           1028555968                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts           53873512786                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts            5107864841                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        1849189610                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                   7076960253                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches               5062104298                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                 1969095412                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     2.348382                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                    53588469433                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                   53376065818                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers               42684579886                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers               77538125740                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       2.326698                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.550498                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts     29826241730                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          154750                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts         798121789                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples  18340044561                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.082161                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.534563                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   6371585355     34.74%     34.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1   4913585809     26.79%     61.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2   1470866578      8.02%     69.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3   1389536731      7.58%     77.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4    951684898      5.19%     82.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5    581336086      3.17%     85.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6    781137264      4.26%     89.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7    279750109      1.53%     91.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8   1600561731      8.73%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total  18340044561                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts          23326868643                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps            38186917375                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                     5181563061                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                    3592623479                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                       69932                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                 3698144632                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                  122767312                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts               38123339464                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls             12311581                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass      1102915      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu      32952373353     86.29%     86.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          633583      0.00%     86.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv          4015589      0.01%     86.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       47228874      0.12%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      3575933951      9.36%     95.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     1545366722      4.05%     99.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead     16689528      0.04%     99.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite     43572860      0.11%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total       38186917375                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events            1600561731                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                  84752641935                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                140596944671                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                         2592111                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                        86172980                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                 23326868643                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                   38186917375                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               0.983445                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.983445                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               1.016834                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.016834                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads              81358242459                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes             46191844965                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                 169040724                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                 79818178                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads               38539222669                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes              25726317895                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads             18676817211                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11470344864500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          14968034                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.995042                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          6599126208                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          14969058                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            440.851135                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            175000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.995042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          153                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          328                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          418                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       13264643470                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses      13264643470                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11470344864500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data   5019379123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      5019379123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data   1579744885                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     1579744885                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data    6599124008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       6599124008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data   6599124008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      6599124008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     16373175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      16373175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      9340023                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      9340023                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     25713198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       25713198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     25713198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      25713198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1061778248500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1061778248500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 141581571324                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 141581571324                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 1203359819824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1203359819824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1203359819824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1203359819824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data   5035752298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   5035752298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data   1589084908                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total   1589084908                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data   6624837206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   6624837206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data   6624837206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   6624837206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005878                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005878                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 64848.647162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64848.647162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15158.589152                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15158.589152                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 46799.305937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46799.305937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 46799.305937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46799.305937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       972372                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         2421                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             69200                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets             321                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    14.051618                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     7.542056                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     12584168                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          12584168                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data     10736723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     10736723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data         5345                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5345                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data     10742068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     10742068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data     10742068                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     10742068                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      5636452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5636452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      9334678                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      9334678                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     14971130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     14971130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     14971130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     14971130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 334601851500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 334601851500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 132135918824                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 132135918824                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 466737770324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 466737770324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 466737770324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 466737770324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005874                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005874                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 59363.913948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59363.913948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 14155.380488                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14155.380488                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 31175.854483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31175.854483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 31175.854483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31175.854483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11470344864500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           7365860                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           255.994517                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          5286719652                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           7366116                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            717.707901                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   255.994517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses       10597824945                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses      10597824945                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11470344864500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst   5286719867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      5286719867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst    5286719867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       5286719867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst   5286719867                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      5286719867                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      8508684                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       8508684                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      8508684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        8508684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      8508684                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       8508684                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst 191243946506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 191243946506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst 191243946506                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 191243946506                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst 191243946506                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 191243946506                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst   5295228551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   5295228551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst   5295228551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   5295228551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst   5295228551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   5295228551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 22476.324953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22476.324953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 22476.324953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22476.324953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 22476.324953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22476.324953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       964547                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          232                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs             32063                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    30.082868                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          116                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst      1140840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1140840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst      1140840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1140840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst      1140840                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1140840                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      7367844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      7367844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      7367844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      7367844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      7367844                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      7367844                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 160270462523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 160270462523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 160270462523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 160270462523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 160270462523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 160270462523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21752.694889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21752.694889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21752.694889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21752.694889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21752.694889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21752.694889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       44672868                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     22334264                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       150478                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           217575                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       216325                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         1250                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11470344864500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            13004261                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      12924308                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          12630963                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              2072                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             2072                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            9332640                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           9332640                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       13004262                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     22097394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     44910292                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                67007686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    471276160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side   1763406336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total               2234682496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoops                           3225532                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                    22034880                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           25560351                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.014449                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.119742                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 25192275     98.56%     98.56% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   366826      1.44%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                     1250      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total             25560351                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          34920602000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         11053374773                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         22455269704                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11470344864500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.replacements              3221377                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             4095.955640                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs               41301158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              3225473                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                12.804683                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                71500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   181.292235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   832.377957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  3082.285448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.044261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.203217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.752511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          228                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          309                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1308                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses            360499241                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses           360499241                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11470344864500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     12584168                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total     12584168                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data         2047                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total            2047                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       9030030                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total          9030030                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.inst      6422448                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data      3736164                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     10158612                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst          6422448                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data         12766194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total            19188642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         6422448                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data        12766194                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total           19188642                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data           25                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total            25                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       302608                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total         302608                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst       941243                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      1900254                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      2841497                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         941243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data        2202862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total           3144105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        941243                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       2202862                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total          3144105                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  23150083500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  23150083500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  81712265500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 286513196500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 368225462000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  81712265500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 309663280000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total 391375545500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  81712265500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 309663280000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total 391375545500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     12584168                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     12584168                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data         2072                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         2072                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data      9332638                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total      9332638                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst      7363691                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      5636418                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     13000109                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      7363691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     14969056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total        22332747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      7363691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     14969056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       22332747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.012066                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.012066                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.032425                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.032425                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.127822                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.337139                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.218575                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.127822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.147161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.140785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.127822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.147161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.140785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76501.888582                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76501.888582                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86813.145490                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 150776.262805                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129588.545052                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86813.145490                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 140573.163457                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124479.158775                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86813.145490                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 140573.163457                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124479.158775                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks          340140                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               340140                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          519                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total          520                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total            520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          519                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total           520                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks       132044                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total       132044                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           25                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       302608                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       302608                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       940724                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1900253                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      2840977                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       940724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2202861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3143585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       940724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2202861                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3143585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       386500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       386500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  20124003500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20124003500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  72257103000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 267510379000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 339767482000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  72257103000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 287634382500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 359891485500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  72257103000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 287634382500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 359891485500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.012066                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012066                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.032425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.127752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.337138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.127752                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.147161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.140761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.127752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.147161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.140761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        15460                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        15460                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66501.888582                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66501.888582                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76810.098392                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 140776.190855                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119595.294858                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76810.098392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 130573.096759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114484.413655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76810.098392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 130573.096759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114484.413655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       6283051                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      3139474                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11470344864500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            2840976                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       340140                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          2799302                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               25                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            302608                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           302608                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       2840976                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      9426635                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total      9426635                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                9426635                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    222958336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total    222958336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               222958336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           3143609                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 3143609    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             3143609                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3821805500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         8513233250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
