
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 11.083271                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                11083270901000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               11083270901000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  75520                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   123628                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               35881682                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1208864                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                308883.82                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 23326825127                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   38186830168                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11083270901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.inst         61192128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.data        135364096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total           196556224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     61192128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total       61192128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::writebacks     21703424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         21703424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.inst            956127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.data           2115064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total              3071191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::writebacks         339116                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              339116                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.inst             5521125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.data            12213371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               17734496                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        5521125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           5521125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::writebacks          1958215                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1958215                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::writebacks          1958215                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.inst            5521125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.data           12213371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              19692711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                      3071191                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      339116                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                    3071191                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    339116                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM               194791808                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                  1764416                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 21701760                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                196556224                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              21703424                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                   27569                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0             152526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1             315982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2             336356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3             144060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4             180527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5             270617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6             231155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7             172157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8             215092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9             219629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10            188345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11            117473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12            108814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13            124985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14            133673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15            132231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1             110184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2             113868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              16214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               3700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              16522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              34017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              12521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             28356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   11083270795000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                3071191                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                339116                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                  2665528                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                   291119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                    72298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                    12912                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                     1536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                      229                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   10109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   10335                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   18516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   20002                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   19980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   20042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   19958                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   19970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   19973                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   19949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   19964                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   19963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   20050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   19987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   20073                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   20243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   19976                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   19977                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       673761                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     321.318070                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    232.184663                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    240.411397                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127        155841     23.13%     23.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255       126268     18.74%     41.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383       105414     15.65%     57.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511       137806     20.45%     77.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        92340     13.71%     91.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767        13957      2.07%     93.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         7899      1.17%     94.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         6272      0.93%     95.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        27964      4.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        673761                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        19882                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      153.081732                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      98.842815                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     205.015873                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          13597     68.39%     68.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255         4053     20.39%     88.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383          831      4.18%     92.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511          324      1.63%     94.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           73      0.37%     94.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           35      0.18%     95.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895          345      1.74%     96.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023          370      1.86%     98.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151          180      0.91%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279           73      0.37%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3712-3839            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          19882                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        19882                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.055125                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.024356                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.024414                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              9470     47.63%     47.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               243      1.22%     48.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              9813     49.36%     98.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               321      1.61%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                29      0.15%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::21                 6      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          19882                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                  188639857500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat             245707770000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                 15218110000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      61978.74                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 80728.74                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         17.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.96                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      17.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.96                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.63                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                   2428539                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   280399                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  79.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     3249933.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     80.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy                3016742820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                1603410270                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy              12876133200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy              1538991720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          260758561440.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy           80360197140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy           17471746080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy     488355752460                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy     396413829120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy      2176496091000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy            3438893380770                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             310.277842                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime          10861539031250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   36583439000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF   111114134000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  8758255614750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 1032327745750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    74034254500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1070955713000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy                1794003540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                 953512725                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy               8855327880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy               231058080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          304862054640.000061                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy           77271214380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy           20700431040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy     557122459680                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy     478373522400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy      2103373506240                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy            3553539224925                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             320.621887                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime          10859904291750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   43710520500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF   129929644000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  8392380194500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 1245764572500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    49726281250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1221759688250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11083270901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups              7844609876                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted        7844609876                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect         630261806                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups           5443019027                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                32351978                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect            3978072                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups      5443019027                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits         2925606653                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses       2517412374                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted    243394957                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11083270901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                  5033489034                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                  1825401387                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                      13044740                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        530369                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11083270901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11083270901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                  5564133839                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                         63786                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                 49677                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    11083270901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                      22166541803                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles         6059266129                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                    49620886177                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                  7844609876                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches         2957958631                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                   15391117609                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles              1261225020                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                64764                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        153491                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           14                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles        82977                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                5564097427                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes             152988053                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples        22081297494                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              3.689487                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.576490                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0               9088353485     41.16%     41.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                845491745      3.83%     44.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                696843687      3.16%     48.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                652727419      2.96%     51.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                952308085      4.31%     55.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                972739701      4.41%     59.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                932990888      4.23%     64.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                518322497      2.35%     66.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8               7421519987     33.61%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total          22081297494                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.353894                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        2.238549                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles               4764451639                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles            5769526720                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                9375997823                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles            1540708802                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles              630612510                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts            75014449560                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles              630612510                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles               5528390308                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles              3821155073                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles        1338042                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles               10095559464                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles            2004242097                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts            72080991139                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents               5626607                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents             1646918602                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                 302626                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents               68278528                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands        100043412738                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups          203212880232                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups     119627586963                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups         177364265                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps           53221929475                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps              46821483263                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts              60376                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts          55920                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                5166265668                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads           6329182854                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores          2489225670                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads         781966568                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores        641053495                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                66010117440                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              619295                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued               53510586538                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         156580862                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     27823906566                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined  51450421448                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         464720                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   22081297494                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         2.423344                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.235795                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0          7082768732     32.08%     32.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1          2194467833      9.94%     42.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2          2746078308     12.44%     54.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3          2887522967     13.08%     67.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4          2420059354     10.96%     78.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5          2047746832      9.27%     87.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6          1842639298      8.34%     96.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7           693527536      3.14%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8           166486634      0.75%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22081297494                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu               718178971     98.96%     98.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     98.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     98.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                757257      0.10%     99.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     99.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     99.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     99.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     99.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     99.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     99.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     99.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     99.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     99.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     99.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     99.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     99.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     99.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     99.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     99.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     99.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     99.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     99.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     99.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     99.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     99.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     99.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     99.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     99.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     99.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     99.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     99.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                4652584      0.64%     99.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               1169875      0.16%     99.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            693453      0.10%     99.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           272889      0.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         124684323      0.23%      0.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu           46145658868     86.24%     86.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               798066      0.00%     86.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv               4562440      0.01%     86.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            47953692      0.09%     86.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     86.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     86.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     86.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     86.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     86.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     86.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     86.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     86.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     86.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     86.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     86.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     86.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     86.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     86.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     86.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     86.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     86.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     86.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     86.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     86.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     86.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     86.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     86.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     86.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     86.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     86.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead           5276477528      9.86%     96.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite          1847708751      3.45%     99.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        18504979      0.03%     99.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       44237891      0.08%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total            53510586538                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           2.414025                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                   725725029                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.013562                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       129730378193                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       93698587480                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses  51616750021                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           254398268                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          136544044                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123681966                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses            53983830274                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses               127796970                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         80990353                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads   2736563383                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       841401                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       652331                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    900286353                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         6357                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         48373                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles              630612510                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles              3374306259                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles              22217743                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts         66010736735                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           6859327                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts            6329182854                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts           2489225670                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             247521                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 190357                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              21806798                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         652331                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      239530724                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect    496554957                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts            736085681                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts           52117759903                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts            5029526956                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        1392826635                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                   6854764461                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches               4719925363                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                 1825237505                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     2.351190                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                    51913999591                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                   51740431987                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers               42021125029                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers               77230701673                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       2.334168                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.544099                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts     27823918288                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          154575                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts         630279741                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples  18120069414                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.107433                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.509447                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   5830175600     32.18%     32.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1   5270558874     29.09%     61.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2   1474476986      8.14%     69.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3   1445771143      7.98%     77.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4    862597220      4.76%     82.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5    579527019      3.20%     85.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6    837113920      4.62%     89.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7    299492818      1.65%     91.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8   1520355834      8.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total  18120069414                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts          23326825127                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps            38186830168                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                     5181558788                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                    3592619471                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                       69932                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                 3698130707                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                  122766616                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts               38123252518                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls             12310535                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass      1102828      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu      32952290506     86.29%     86.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          633583      0.00%     86.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv          4015589      0.01%     86.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       47228874      0.12%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      3575929943      9.36%     95.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     1545367153      4.05%     99.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead     16689528      0.04%     99.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite     43572164      0.11%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total       38186830168                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events            1520355834                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                  82610462036                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                136012170452                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                         2254989                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                        85244309                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                 23326825127                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                   38186830168                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               0.950260                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.950260                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               1.052344                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.052344                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads              79881079079                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes             45174385296                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                 169711147                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                 79946852                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads               37785979444                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes              25590229583                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads             17852534355                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11083270901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          14522112                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.994842                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          6505186382                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          14523136                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            447.918850                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            175000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.994842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          372                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          359                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       13071588674                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses      13071588674                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11083270901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data   4925735652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      4925735652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data   1579448769                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     1579448769                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data    6505184421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       6505184421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data   6505184421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      6505184421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     13712126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      13712126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      9636222                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      9636222                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     23348348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       23348348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     23348348                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      23348348                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 900909778500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 900909778500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 145511438395                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 145511438395                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 1046421216895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1046421216895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1046421216895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1046421216895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data   4939447778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   4939447778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data   1589084991                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total   1589084991                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data   6528532769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   6528532769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data   6528532769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   6528532769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006064                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006064                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 65701.684662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65701.684662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15100.465555                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15100.465555                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 44817.783977                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44817.783977                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 44817.783977                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44817.783977                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       516489                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          967                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             17520                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    29.479966                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    96.700000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     12189640                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          12189640                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data      8817967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      8817967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data         5374                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5374                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data      8823341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      8823341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data      8823341                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      8823341                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4894159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4894159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      9630848                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      9630848                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     14525007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     14525007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     14525007                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     14525007                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 318382057500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 318382057500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 135609899898                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 135609899898                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 453991957398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 453991957398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 453991957398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 453991957398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006061                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006061                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65053.476501                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65053.476501                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 14080.784984                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14080.784984                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 31255.885618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31255.885618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 31255.885618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31255.885618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11083270901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           5384074                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           255.983869                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          5558047217                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           5384330                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           1032.263479                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   255.983869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses       11133579062                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses      11133579062                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11083270901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst   5558047431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      5558047431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst    5558047431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       5558047431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst   5558047431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      5558047431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      6049211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       6049211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      6049211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        6049211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      6049211                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       6049211                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst 162660679861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 162660679861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst 162660679861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 162660679861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst 162660679861                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 162660679861                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst   5564096642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   5564096642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst   5564096642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   5564096642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst   5564096642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   5564096642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 26889.569542                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26889.569542                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 26889.569542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26889.569542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 26889.569542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26889.569542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       906310                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs             30873                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    29.356072                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks            3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                 3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       663432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       663432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       663432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       663432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       663432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       663432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      5385779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5385779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      5385779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      5385779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      5385779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      5385779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 138907793005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 138907793005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 138907793005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 138907793005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 138907793005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 138907793005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000968                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000968                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000968                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000968                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000968                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000968                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 25791.587996                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25791.587996                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 25791.587996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25791.587996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 25791.587996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25791.587996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       39816972                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     19906631                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       136538                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           257696                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       257268                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          428                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11083270901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            10279847                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      12528759                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          10534644                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              1871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             1871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            9629067                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           9629067                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       10279848                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     16151506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     43572123                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                59723629                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    344425984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side   1709617472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total               2054043456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoops                           3161345                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                    21967616                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           23068003                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.017109                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.129822                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 22673750     98.29%     98.29% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   393825      1.71%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      428      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total             23068003                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          32098129000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          8080007314                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         21786362551                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11083270901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.replacements              3157217                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             4095.953516                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs               36479452                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              3161313                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                11.539336                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                71500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   187.076207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   828.580266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  3080.297043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.045673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.202290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.752026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          310                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1294                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses            321604961                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses           321604961                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11083270901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     12189643                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total     12189643                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data         1854                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total            1854                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       9335023                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total          9335023                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.inst      4424979                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data      3073045                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      7498024                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst          4424979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data         12408068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total            16833047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         4424979                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data        12408068                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total           16833047                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total            17                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       294044                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total         294044                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst       956675                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      1821021                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      2777696                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         956675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data        2115065                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total           3071740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        956675                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       2115065                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total          3071740                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  22983588000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  22983588000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  84306057500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 278578294000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 362884351500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  84306057500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 301561882000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total 385867939500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  84306057500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 301561882000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total 385867939500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     12189643                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     12189643                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data         1871                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1871                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data      9629067                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total      9629067                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst      5381654                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      4894066                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     10275720                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      5381654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     14523133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total        19904787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      5381654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     14523133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       19904787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009086                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.009086                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.030537                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.030537                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.177766                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.372088                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.270316                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.177766                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.145634                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.154322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.177766                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.145634                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.154322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78163.771408                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78163.771408                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88124.031150                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 152979.177066                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130642.212647                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88124.031150                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 142578.068286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125618.685012                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88124.031150                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 142578.068286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125618.685012                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks          339116                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               339116                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          547                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total          548                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total            548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          547                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total           548                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks       164125                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total       164125                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       294044                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       294044                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       956128                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1821020                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      2777148                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       956128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2115064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3071192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       956128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2115064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3071192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       253500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       253500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  20043148000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20043148000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  74693613000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 260368026000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 335061639000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  74693613000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 280411174000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 355104787000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  74693613000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 280411174000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 355104787000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009086                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009086                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.030537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.177664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.372087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.270263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.177664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.145634                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.154294                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.177664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.145634                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.154294                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 14911.764706                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14911.764706                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68163.771408                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68163.771408                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78120.934645                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 142979.223732                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120649.543705                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78120.934645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 132578.103547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115624.417816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78120.934645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 132578.103547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115624.417816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       6138249                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      3067059                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11083270901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            2777147                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       339116                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          2727925                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               17                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            294044                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           294044                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       2777147                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      9209440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total      9209440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                9209440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    218259648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total    218259648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               218259648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           3071208                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 3071208    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             3071208                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3747356500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         8316791000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
